---
layout: programme
title: FAQ
name: international_security_studies
description: "The Master of Arts – Program “International Security Studies” (MISS) is a unique post-graduate program for security professionals offered jointly by the Universität der Bundeswehr München (UniBwM) and the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies (GCMC)."
category: programme
tagline: 
image: /media/programme/casc_3.jpg
parent: International Security Studies (M.A.)
backlink: "/programme#studiengaenge"
anmeldung: "Sie können sich bis zum 1. März jedes Jahres zum MBA Public Management anmelden, der Studiengang beginnt im April jedes Jahres."
contact_name: dr_nicol_matzner_vogel
new: True
---



**I only hold a three-year bachelor's degree. Am I eligible?**

No. The program only considers applicants with a degree corresponding to four years of studies or an equivalent of 240 ECTS credit points.

**Can professional experience be accepted in lieu of a first academic degree?**

No. Professional Experience can only be accepted to an extent of 30 ECTS credit points.

**I do not possess an academic degree, but am a graduate of a military or service academy. Can I be considered for the program?**

Yes, if your academy meets higher education standards. Please contact the program administration to find out whether your academy is considerable.

**I have already completed a program at the Marshall Center or elsewhere. Can this previous coursework be recognized?**

Comparable coursework completed at other institutions can be considered for MISS. The tuition will be reduced by the appropriate amount.

**Do you offer courses online?**

The module "Theories and Methods" can be completed via distance-learning. We are preparing to offer more such modules in the future.

**Do you offer scholarships?**

Unfortunately we do not offer scholarships or financial assistance. The website of the German Academic Exchange Service offers a good overview of available scholarships for studies in Germany: www.daad.de

**Can the program be completed part-time?**

Yes, the program is modularized and single modules can be taken individually.

**I don’t want to undergo vetting through German and US authorities. Can I take part in the program?**

No, successful vetting through German and US authorities is mandatory.
